Refactor Part 1: CLI scripting (#14)
seqeralabs/nf-training-intro: docs/part1-cli.md

# Part 1. Critter classification with bare command-line
# Part 1: Critter classification with the command-line

## What is the command-line?
## What is the command-line?

The command-line is like a magic wand for your computer, allowing you to perform tasks quickly and directly through text commands, much like having a chat with your machine. While it may seem daunting at first glance, its a simple, text-only interface, and incredibly powerful tool that offers a direct way to communicate with and control your computer.
A command-line interface (CLI) is a means of interacting with a computer program by inputting lines of text called command-lines ([Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface)). While it may seem daunting at first glance, it is a simple, text-only interface, and incredibly powerful tool that offers a direct way to communicate with and control your computer.

> In this section of our Nextflow tutorial, we'll explore how to run an existing classification model using OpenAI's CLIP directly from the command-line, to both classify our critters and build a collage of images.

Reviewer: I actually think it's important to leave in this context that we are using an existing model, and this will be the tool used to perform classification. While we don't need to explain the details of the model, it somewhat answers the "How?".

> You can either navigate to this directory via the File Explorer side-bar in the VS code user interface or the command-line. This is a good example of how you can do exactly the same thing via the user interface and the command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either navigate to this directory via the File Explorer side-bar in the VS Code user interface in Gitpod, or the command-line. This is a good example of how you can do exactly the same thing through the user interface and the command-line.
```

    ```bash
    montage -label dog dog_temp.png -geometry +0+0 -background Gold collages/dog.png
    ```

    ```bash
    montage -label cat cat_temp.png -geometry +0+0 -background Gold collages/cat.png
    ```

    ```bash
    montage -label cute_dog cute_dog_temp.png -geometry +0+0 -background Gold collages/cute_dog.png
    ```

4. Now to be kind to storage let's clean up any intermediate images we don't want to keep.

    ```
    rm dog_temp.png
    rm cat_temp.png
    rm cute_dog_temp.png
    ```

## Step 4: Combine the collages

You should now have a set of collages, one for each critter type.

1. List the images that ended up in the `collages/` directory by using the command-below:

    ```
    $ ls collages

    cat.png cute_dog.png dog.png
    ```

2. Use `montage` again to combine all of the individual collages into a meta-collage called `collage_all.png`!

    ```bash
    montage -geometry +0+0 -tile 1x collages/* collage_all.png
    ```

>     The `-geometry +0+0` and `-tile 1x` parameters will ensure the images in the collage are of uniform size and are arranged in a 1x1 grid pattern, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `-geometry +0+0` parameter will ensure there is no spacing between the collages, and the `-tile 1x` parameter will ensure the images are arranged in a single row of uniform size.
```
